{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs36 TODO LIST MOF\par
\b0\fs22 -Ability to SELL Mechs near Dropship (maybe using ctrl-D while in certain range of it? Or a "reclaim" function of the Dropship?)\par
-Unit abilities:\line\tab _"Critical/Aimed Shot": Fires version of primary weapons (this depends on Mech, sometimes a single weapon, sometimes like the Devestator/Warhawk, 4 weapons) that does special damage + effects on target. Effects vary and are random; either a) simply dealing a massive amount of damage (double or triple), damaging heat sinks (cut heat cooloff by 50% or more), shutting down weapons systems (temporarily), damaging the engine (immobilized temporarily).\line\tab _MASC/Sprinting: Activated by double-click moving, speed increase. Generates heat while active. Won't work if overheated (100%+). Once it shuts off it stays off (Mech runs, overheats, stops running, won't run again even if cooled down until player double-moveclicks again).\line\tab _Coolant Flush: Immediately drops heat to 0. Has a recharge timer (non-visible).\line\tab _Special attacks for LRM boats: Inferno Missiles fire napalm rounds that cause massive heat, Thunder Missiles drop a little mine where they land for area denial. \line All abilities should be very easy to use with a keypress activating them so no need to sort through the unit's menu. Like D-Gun. LRM boats will need two of these (D and F?). Coolant Flush can be C. \par
-Special Damage Effects Callouts; Like in MoW, units hit/affected by special damage will throw out some text above it (literally the text should appear to be "launching out" of the unit). Such as "Immobilized", "Engine Damaged", "Critical Hit", "Weapons Offline", "Weapon Destroyed".\par
-Beacon/Outpost implimentation:\line\tab _A way for me to set which type of beacon or outpost a point will be, supporting both permanently setting it to a certain type (ie this point will \i always \i0 be a vehicle depot, or \i always \i0 be a standard beacon) or a randomly choosing between a variety of different outposts (this will be either a vehicle depot, salvage depot, garrison or listening post)\line\tab _Garrisons will need to spawn a set of 4 turrets around itself (in a diagonal cross) with each turret facing "outwards" from the beacon. Turrets will be two Laser turrets, one AC turret, one LRM turret. These turrets, but not the garrison itself, will be targetable and destroyable. If destroyed they must respawn after a certain amount of time (2 minutes?). If the beacon is captured they need to switch to the new owner's team (keeping in mind a flag might be captured with the turrets still alive)\line\tab _Salvage Yards will have one or several little salvaging vehicles that will auto-detect any nearby wrecks. Should a wreck be found (within a certain distance) the little vehicles will drive out to it, reclaim it, and return to the yard. Can use that harvesting code that I remember seeing awhile ago on the forums? Player that owns the salvage yard will get some income from the salvaged parts. There should also be a small chance that it will be able to rebuild the Mech, giving it to that player.\par
-Dropship upgrades; Purchasable upgrades for dropships in a variety of forms, such as:\par
\tab _Extra Armour (increases health, adds visible extra armor plating in places, this could be done via hide/show model pieces)\line\tab _Enhanced Sensors (gives the dropship enhanced sensors for better radar/sight)\line\tab _SRM Launchers (adds some SRM launchers for better close-range protection)\line\tab _Extended Range Weaponry (swaps out all Laser and PPCs for ER versions, is this possible?)\line\tab _Sniper Artillery Cannon (adds a Sniper gun to the top of the dropship LOL!)\line\tab _Salvage Bay (gives Dropship the ability to salvage nearby wrecks like the Salvage Yard)\line\tab _Anti-Aircraft Batteries (adds AC/2 or AC/5 autocannons for AA protection)\par
\tab These should be available as similar to build options.\par
-Visual Widgets, probably using graphic textures:\line\tab _Radar range with rotating "ping" arm (green)\line\tab _Weapon range with outward-facing triangles (red)\line\tab _Flag radius, hexagonal shape (in teamcolor), text shown above beacon during different states (ie "No Connection" for neutral, "Establishing Connection..." when capturing, "Decrypting Network..." when decapping, "Uplink Established" when captured)\line\tab _Hexagonal radius for "auras", in blue\line\tab _All circles will be "filled" with a semi-transparent hexagonal grid pattern (a la BattleTech map grids) in their applicable colours (I will make an example)\tab\par
-Use weapon priority to make a short-range, unguided version of LRMs to represent minimum arming range (they'll still be usable but far less effective, a lot like MRMs probably)\cf1\par
\cf0 -Configure CRAIG or other AI to work with this;\par
-Finished functionality for dropship --\cf2  units build inside hanger and "walk" down ramps\cf0 ; Dropship descending from orbit at game start (this delay will also allow sufficient Money to build up so that cheap units become available for building as soon as the Dropship lands and unfurls itself)\par
-Component damage and effects (Spring.GetUnitLastAttackedPiece?); alternatively i'm thinking since we're looking at almost complete randomness, this could be done solely in LUS based on HitByWeapon -- if a unit is below say 50 or 25% health, every subsequent hit has a chance of causing structural damage ie arms being blown off or legs becoming damaged. No need really to detect where exactly a unit is being hit.\par
-Ammo for multiple weapons per unit;\par
-Units:\i\line Hunchback (5S)\line Dervish\line Argus\line Fafnir\line Longbow\line Adder\line Shadowcat\line Hunchback IIC\line Novacat\line Man O War\line Naga\par
Firestarter\line Men Shen\line Hellspawn\line Hammerhands\line Rifleman\line Yeoman\line Schwerer Gustav\line Sunder\line Mad Cat Mk II\line Mauler\line Annihilator\line\line Sling\line Trebuchet\line Crab\line Shootist\line Flashman\line Excalibur\line Marauder II\line Highlander\line Atlas II\line\i0\par
\cf1 -Minimum range for LRMs via BlockShot LUS call (detect range of target);\par
\cf2 -Proper unit icons (borrow from MWLL again? Flags: Hexagons; Mechs: Various sizes of Stars; Vehicles: Squares) -- this is less important as I want icons to only show at such a long range as to be rarely seen. As yet we do not have any icons really at any zoom level and it seems to work out fine.\par
-Finalize Beacon/Ticket Feature (widget counter, etc)\par
-Unit Limit modoptions via WEIGHT ('mass' tag)\cf1\par
\cf2 -Laser (or other) Anti-Missile "CISW", perhaps using shields and a fake weapon (kinda like how MWLL does it);\cf0\par
\cf2 -Bind J key to Jump Jets;\par
-Beacons for fighting over on maps (+ way to config per map)\cf0\par
\cf2 -Make stuff on radar AlwaysVisible;\cf0\par
\cf2 -Radar off = stealth;\cf0\par
\cf2 -NARC Beacon (similar to S44 binocular weapon but sticks to enemy units?);\cf0\par
\cf2 -Income for damaging/killing enemy units (1 C-Bill per point of damage dealt);\par
-Repair radius around Dropship or other system (fiddling with idlehealtime and heal amounts)\cf0\par
\cf2 -Walk animation cycles (I can do actual animation but need framework wizardry);\par
-LUS - Heat System, whereby certain actions, primarily firing weapons and using jump jets, adds heat ("heatgenerated" tag in weapondef customparam). Every mech has its own max heat threshold ("heatsinks" unitdef customparam) + some arbitrary number (in CBT its 30). This amount will "cooldown" by heatsinks/10 per tick (so a Mech with 20 heatsinks will cool down 2.0 heat per tick, but this multiplier should be easily modifiable). When a Mech becomes overheated the reloadtime of all weapons should be doubled (halves its DPS, essentially), and if it is destroyed in an overheated state it stands a chance of exploding in a mega-awesome nuclear detonation. A small inobtrusive vertical meter or colour-changing indicator above every Mech (that, like healthbars, will invisible itself if the Mech has no heat) should be included. Preferably this will be a "growing" bar (as opposed to "shrinking" healthbar); small amounts of heat will show as small bits of meter in green; medium amounts of heat (around 1/2 its max) show as yellow and a 1/2 filled meter; full heat shows the full meter in red.\par
- WIDGET - Pale yellow Recharge Bar/Meter for Jump Jets. \cf0\par
\par
}
 